---
ordernumber: 1
title: Xiaoxue Yin, R.Ac, R.TCMP, PhD
role: Academic Director and Instructor
portrait: xiaoxue-xin.jpg
email: ""
---
Xiaoxue Yin received her Bachelor of Medicine Degree from Shaanxi University of Chinese Medicine in 1994.  In 1997 she received her Masters Degree in Orthopaedics and Traumatology and in 2003 she received her PhD in Orthopaedics from Peking University.  Later she completed postdoctoral work in Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine at the University of Washington.  With 20 years of clinical experience and 10 years as an educator, Dr. Yin is highly regarded for her expertise in treating musculoskeletal and sports injuries. Dr. Yin has won various awards for her medical publications including articles by several medical academic journals including Chinese Materia Medica, Beijing Youth, and Peking University Third Hospital. She has also been a reviewer for Acta Pharmacologica Sinica, Acta Laboratorium Animalis Scientia Sinica, a guest editor for the Chinese Journal of Osteoporosis and is an editorial board member for the Chinese Journal of Comparative Medicine. Dr. Yin has won various awards for her medical publications including articles by several medical academic journals including Chinese Materia Medica, Beijing Youth, and Peking University Third Hospital where she worked as an associate professor, attending doctor and master tutor. Recently, Dr. Yin is working as a professor at Eight Branches College, a practitioner in her own clinic, and guest lecturer at University of Toronto.