---
ordernumber: 11
title: " Paymon Sadrolsadot  MD (Iran), PhD (TCM)"
role: Instructor
portrait: 7c0d78_220102a50fa74011a59593becabe98dd-removebg-preview.png
---
Paymon received his medical degree from Iran where he practiced as a family physician for 7 years. He later moved to China and completed a 5 year PhD program in Chinese Medicine and Acupuncture where he was fortunate enough to be under  the supervision of TCM professor Dr. Chen XinYi at Beijing University of Chinese Medicine. Paymon is currently an Ontario licensed acupuncturist. Over the past 18 years, Paymon has treated thousands of individuals with a variety of health conditions such as pain, women’s health, stress, insomnia, hormonal issues and skin conditions. While Paymon’s practice is varied, clients can take advantage of his master training in pain management, insomnia, facial rejuvenation and neurological problems. Paymon is currently an instructor in the acupuncture program at “Eight Branches Academy of Eastern Medicine” and acupuncture clinic supervisor at “Shiatsu School of Canada” in Toronto. He has taught a wide variety of science courses in different colleges and universities in Alberta and Ontario for the past 5 years and his goal is to teach his clients different ways to stay healthy. Paymon’s background in both conventional and alternative medicine allows him to think deeply and find solutions for his client’s health. His approach is always very gentle and specific to each client’s personal needs. In Paymon’s practice he treats musculoskeletal disorders, insomnia and sleep disorders, stress and anxiety, digestive disorders, women’s health (including fertility and obstetrics support), complementary cancer treatment, parkinson’s disease and multiple sclerosis. To learn more about Paymon’s practice, please visit his websites: www.drpaymon.com and www.paymonacupuncture.com