---
ordernumber: 27
title: Zuocheng Wang R.Ac, R.TCMP, PhD
role: Instructor
---
Zuocheng Wang received his Bachelor of Medicine degree from Hebei University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) in China in 1993, Master of Medicine degree from Tianjin University of TCM in 1996 and became an attending physician and lecturer in General Hospital of Tianjin Medical University in 1998. He later received his PhD in medicine from Nagoya University Graduate School of Medicine in Japan. As a clinician and scientist, Zuocheng has conducted research on many different diseases in China, Japan and Canada. He has published 10 articles and 4 books on TCM topics in Chinese, 1 in Japanese and 20 in English on various medical topics in high-impact peer-reviewed medical journals. Here (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=zuocheng+wang) is his English publication list. He has been a member of many different professional societies such as Canadian Society for Biochemistry, Molecular & Cellular Biology, American Society of Nephrology, China Association of Chinese Medicine, Society for Neuroscience, the Japanese Biochemical Society, and others.

​With over 30 years of experience in internal martial arts, Qigong, TCM (herbology, acupuncture, moxibustion, cupping, acupressure, Tuina massage, Gua Sha, etc.), nutritional counseling, molecular/cellular biology, genetics, immunology, gynecology, pediatrics, cardiology, dermatology, endocrinology, gastroenterology, hematology, neurology, nephrology, oncology, pulmonology, rheumatology, geriatric and sports medicine, Zuocheng emphasizes the health integrity of a human being within and in harmony with the environment, from psychological to physical and individual to social. He has been applying various approaches including integrated internal martial arts, Qigong, nutrition, TCM and modern medicine to help people with their health issues in above areas of medicine.